## LEGO Assembly Guide with Augmented Reality

Welcome to the Final Year Project 2022-2023 developed by Tianxiang Song. Please view the dissertation (via [Moodle](https://moodle.nottingham.ac.uk/my/) submission) for additional information. Specifically, see Appendix A for **installation/usage** and Appendix E for **file structure**.

### Abstract
Augmented Reality (AR) has a huge potential on assisting manual assembly tasks. By overlaying digital models on the camera view as instructions, there could be significant improvements on assembly accuracy and speed. However, AR-guided assembly on small pieces has been a challenging task, regarding instruction visibility, alignment accuracy and automation feasibility. In this work, an AR tutoring system that guides LEGO block construction is developed, with a series of novel methods optimized for small part assembly. The AR instruction visibility is improved by a texture-wireframe hybrid rendering mode. The virtual-physical alignment error is decreased to less than 1 mm throughout the model by a flexible marker design and VIO-based registration. Realistic object occlusion is accomplished through a fast and accurate algorithm to reveal correct spatial relationship between AR instruction and physical models. A unique instruction automation method is proposed to trigger the next AR instruction by detecting completed assembly steps, achieving high generalization with less training samples. The major finding of this project is that the integration of these techniques makes model-based AR instructions reliable for small part assembly, validated by working on a complex LEGO set.